student protesters converged near New
York's Metropolitan Museum as it began
its annual celebrity studded High
Society fashion show and Gayla dinner
police made several arrests some of
those protesters were from Columbia
University which has been in the
Vanguard of the protest
movement on Monday Columbia cancelled
its main graduation ceremony upsetting
students who were due to take part their
High entire justification for shutting
down the encampment or everything else
they've done on campus was so that they
could hold a commencement or so they
could hold graduation as normal and then
just to cancel it it just feels very
feels ridiculous and it feels like kind
of a slap in the face to everyone
involved honestly uh I'm very angry um
you know I'm I'm a senior and for my
high school graduation I that was
canceled too because of Co so now you
come to this this next uh milestone in
your life and uh you don't get to
celebrate that either across the US
University administrators persisted in
using police to suppress peaceful
student protests at UCLA about 45
students attorneys and members of the
press were arrested their hands zip tied
by police in tactical gear their offense
gathering in a campus parking garage
less than a week ago a mob of several
hundred pro-israel people from
off-campus violently attacked UCLA
protesters while well over 100 Gaza
solidarity protesters have been arrested
since then none of the attackers have
been
apprehended at the University of
California San Diego Police confronted
student protesters at their encampment
tearing down tents and barricades and
making more arrests other student
protests were held on campuses in
Massachusetts in Virginia and in New
York with graduation approaching
universities tried various ways of
keeping protesters from unsettling the
ceremonies weeks after dozens of Gaza
solidarity protesters were arrested at
Emy University in Atlanta the school
announced that commencement would be
held in a nondescript Sports Center
about 40 km from campus no matter how or
if they celebrate their graduation this
season of protest will be an indelible
memory for the class of
2024 Rob Reynolds Al jazer Los Angeles
make sure to subscribe to our channel to
get the latest news from Al jazer